If you've come here to disrupt the making then I have a right to have you removed
If you've come here to listen and then to ask questions when the question time comes up fine
But let's not let's not peddle our own bicycles because you have a particular problem
Now I
Am standing and walking around here four years ago. I walked with a brace I
Had a belt
And my leg was in a caliper
Because I had had a prolapsed disc in my spine
Which caused my sciatic nerve to flatten and I lost the use of my right leg. I
Am not claiming that sahaja yoga was totally responsible
For my present condition because I know there would be regeneration
But the best medical advice you can get will tell you that that regeneration does not continue
Much beyond 18 months
It is still continuing. I
Have a daughter I'm speaking in the first person because I don't see any point in talking about other people
I have a daughter who was a heroin addict
She gave up heroin in two weeks
After she got what she mother calls her self-realization
She is now married she has one child and another one expecting and she has totally changed
That came about
Not through some mumbo-jumbo not through some
curious form of standing on your head and doing strayed yogic practices, but simply by getting her self-realization and
concentrating on the perfection of herself
That is what sahaja Yoga is about
We are all human beings. So in sahaja yoga from time to time, of course
We have clashes. We have people who don't agree. We have people who for various reasons
Are asked to leave as I say you cannot join. Sahaja. Yoga. You can only practice it. Please come
If you are living in a house madam and
You are not
conforming to the way other people in that house wish
to live together
Calm form not perform form if you are living in a house with other people and they consider that you are
Addressing them and be careful Jenny because I have someone in the audience that you aggressed
Fact she's just coming in now
There is a question time, there is a question time after
We expected this as you can see this is why the gentlemen of the press are here I
Am sorry for those of you who came to hear about sahaja yoga
It is one of those things
We have no control over because this is a public meeting and if people choose to come here and disturb it
Until they make themselves until they make it quite clear that they intend to disturb and disrupt the meeting
We cannot ask them to leave so
If you will bear with them
We will try and continue to tell you something about sahaja yoga I
Am living proof that things can happen
physically to you
That wouldn't otherwise be
Expected my daughter is similarly some someone who has overcome a problem
that is threatening large sections of
Our young community and it was done through self-realization
What is this self-realization?
basically, if you look at this character here behind me, you will see at the base of the spine a
Triangular bone it was called the sacrum
Interesting word because it means sacred
Within that sacrum bone
There resides a residual power
Which has been lying rather like a seed that lies until it is put in the earth
until such a time as the time we live in
when
Through a mechanism, which I don't tend to understand
through the agency of someone like Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi
this mechanism
is activated
When this mechanism is activated
The the force if you like the force be with you the force
Passes up the
central nervous system
and
Believe it or not and many of you. I hope will experience it tonight if we don't have too many interruptions
You actually feel a
Sensation in your hands and on the top of your head in the form of a coolness
Now that sounds wild
Highly unlikely, but in fact it happens
When this hat that is a signal to you on your central nervous system
That something unusual has taken place
in terms of
yoga
in terms of what Yoga means
That is a union or a connection
if you like
That television camera over there is a remarkable piece of modern-day technology
But until they plug it into their battery power the package doctor, I don't know whether that's what it is or into the
Into the PowerPoint on the skirting board over there. It really is a useless pile of junk now
We're not a useless pile of junk
But we are
At a point in our evolution where unless something happens and there's something changes
We're not going to survive
Because we live in a world that is
distrustful
We live in a world that is
Unable to tell the difference between truth and falsehood
and
so
We are on a merry-go-round
We don't seem to be able to get out of the of the the
Continuing cycle of
kill or be killed
Put down will be put down
Sell or die, you know, we we have to change the world is getting fuller and full of people. Oh
For goodness sake will you please keep quiet I
Am speaking for myself I
Don't know what's got into you I
Noticed you're wired for sound
This lady is wired for sound you will be pleased to know she has a microphone on her lapel
Which is so that everybody can hear what she has to say
You can tell from that you can tell from that that she has come
Deliberately to disrupt this meeting. I want you to know that now
So whatever she says or does you can expect
These seven colored balls there represent
The subtle plexuses in the body they are wherever there is a nerve plexus there is the subtle plexus alongside it
They reflect our attitudes and our behavior
The heart is the center of security
And it is isn't it if you get a fright you go and you can feel your heart race
There are several medical practitioners
In sahaja, yoga mainly in the United Kingdom and they're doing research into this for instance
They have discovered please you will have your time to ask questions afterwards. Let's be fair
They have discovered
That a high proportion of women who have breast cancer have husband trouble
And now this obvious, isn't it
It's affecting their security. I mean, there are people down here who don't believe that but that's immaterial
They'd office Lee don't believe a lot of other things
If your security if your security is yes similar
Coming to that
If your security is threatened this Center, which is the
Got the name of it the
The plexus I'm speaking of the physical plexus
It affects your lungs. It affects the heart rate it affects your
Well-being in the sense that if your security is sufficiently threatened you start to exhibit a disease
It has thrown your whole system out of balance and what sahaja yoga is talking about is balance
If you can keep in balance
Then you will have a fairly healthy life. There are still accidents you can still
Unfortunately get in the way of
Disease but generally speaking. You'll find you're much more resistant
We're not saying that sahaja
Yoga is the cure or all of all things you still we still have a long way to go, but it is
in essence the next step that we must take
If we are going to progress in our evolution
Some of us will not
some of us will choose not to
But nonetheless others will like to and we'll try
one of the things that Shri Mataji is is
very often says
Is that you must look at this thing like a scientist
You don't have to believe what I say
You don't have to believe what shri mataji says, but it is fair to listen
And it is fair to look at it and see whether there is any truth in it
To see whether it works
And if it works
Well, then why not give it a try you're not gonna lose anything she doesn't require money for it I
Beg your pardon
Yes, indeed
There's no particular brand of in spiritual
Spiritual enlightenment is spiritual enlightenment. Are you trying to divide up the I
Didn't say it was a religion
It is a way to improving yourself it is a way to
developing yourself in your evolution
It is a connection with the all-pervading power that obviously makes the world tick
If you have experienced it you would understand
It's very difficult to explain to people what I'm talking about in this if you have never understood if you have never had this experience
it is almost impossible to
Expect you to understand if I wanted
You have the opportunity you
Have the opportunity
Whether or not you succeed of course is up to you entirely I
Can't explain to you what fish tastes like if you've never eaten fish. I
Can tell you roughly speaking what it is
But you have to experience it and what we're basically talking about now is a physical manifestation of something
That occurs
These people are sitting there with notes you can see how well-prepared they're oh
Thank you posterity the
Questions will come later. There is always a time. Would you please keep quiet there is always a time
We really did come here to talk to people about sahaja yoga and what
Spiritual enlightenment is all about we didn't really come here to talk to armored cars in drag
Now I
Don't understand why you people don't get a hall and invite people to come to explain what your problems I
haven't any money
No, it's not I have no money
There's no organization, there are a lot of people in the organization who put up money to hire this hall is that wrong
- what Shri Mataji has to say there will be a question time after
If you insist on interrupting, then I will ask the security people to remove you
We're entitled to do that
you've had a fair go - now I
Think you would all agree with me that they've had a fair go
Shri Mataji Nirmala, Devi is here to explain to you
What is the truth
Truth is felt on your nervous central nervous system
It's not something you have to believe it's not something that somebody else has told you
It is something that happens
And no amount of talking or shouting from the auditorium will make any difference truth is truth
And because we are such a
Skeptical people
But it's not and I mean people in the in the human race. I'm not talking about Australians or anybody else. It's not surprising that
Pilate said to Christ what it's truth
It's not at all surprising
Because there are always people shouting you down when you speak the truth
Tonight you will hear the truth
Tonight Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi will tell you the truth. She will give you the truth
I hope you listen
Was that I
I Bow to all the seekers of truth
Now we have
The knowledge with us through science and through other enterprises
About the Tree of Life, which is outside, but when it comes
To the roots of the tree
We have to understand it has to be a settler knowledge
And found here
something wrong
Nice
The part
Some mischief has been done
That's and elate always I thought really something back in Adelaide
Special place I was
I bow to all the seekers of truth
We know the truth about the Tree of Life
Through our search in science and other enterprises we have taken -
But still we have to find out our roots
Unless and until we find out our roots we
Cannot nourish this tree of life
This trail of life has grown
Beyond the
Supply of energy that can come from the roots
But as the tree grows
Also the roots grow
Downward and in that search
I've been lucky enough to find out a method to give an R mass
That subtle thing called as the spirit
The spirit is your own
Is the God Almighty reflected in your heart he resides in your heart all the time
He watches you
But he doesn't come into action he doesn't come into
Your attention
The power of God is the Holy Ghost is the desire of God
To take you into his kingdom that is reflected in this triangular bone
Called as sacrum
Surprisingly this bone
Was known to the Greeks that's why they called it sacrum meaning sacred
Greeks came quite close to the search of research of truth
But suddenly, I don't know what happened to them
That they also started
going
outward became extroverts
I've been to Greece and I have seen
Attends itself means primordial mother Athena
In Sanskrit language, it's called other means primordial
In the same way
So many great
prophets incarnations came
on this earth to
Tell you that you have to become the spirit
Even in Quran in the very beginning of it
It is written that you have to be connected to God
Without connection to the God or his power
You cannot
Talk about God
You cannot understand God and if you try to do anything you become aggressive
dominating and ultimately throughout
But just think of please let me finish madam just a minute just a minute have patience
There's no need to be so disturbed. This is a place. We are trying about our self-realization
You two have got it within you you two have got that spirit within you be patient
Better know your own property slowly be patient. I am not taking away anything from you. Just be patient
All right. No use being aggressive, please please, please
Please please please no, this is I can't hear you. What's the use now? Let us be you see this is the trouble
You need really?
In marathi tea said tell Appa. He did za TT
To get to realization
You have to have people of quality and a calibre
Superficial cheap people cannot get realization
In the olden times in India
They gave self-realization to one or two persons one or two persons
At the time of Rama there was one fellow called Nachiketa
who came to nanika two who came to Janaka the father-in-law of Rama who was a great Saint and
Asked me asked him sir
Will you give me realization? He said ask me the whole world?
That I can give you but not realization
He had to go through severe tests
Then self-realization was granted
But and when I was born I found the world is in a complete chaos
People have no time and
There are so many useless people in this world
that they are the murmuring souls as described by Christ and
They will spoil all the rest of them and there won't be any chance for them to
Take to a lengthy process of self-realization that one by one I clear the chakras
So very assiduously, I studied the problems of human beings I
Was amazed that modern human beings
Are very complicated?
Much more complicated than what people wear
I was telling I was told that some very good Christians came in Adelaide to
Settle down here, but they are no more
They are no more and such people who have their own projections
Of doing this and doing that and doing that trying every sort of thing
Just to have some new things
Spoil themselves completely within it was a very difficult task to begin with I
Had first only one lady and
After two years, I could give realization 212 people
In London, I had to work for sit for four years on seven
People for four years to give them realization
There's one thing about English they're hard nuts, but once they are there they are there
So
In the West I never thought I would ever work
because I was not sure that
I'll be able to do that
but unfortunately or fortunately my husband got addicted to this post four times that we anonymously
And that's how I am in England
Whatever it is
One has to realize that
whatever
these prophets have said
These incarnations have said since long they have talked about the roots and not about the tree
But when
Such a thing starts
Also, there are people who are seekers of Ages are born they are seekers they are serious seekers
There are many serious seekers in the West half are very very serious people
They have read so much about religion every religion. They are not conditioned people
very sensible people and
They started coming to India and fell into traps of many cults and many people
From the year 1970 in a bigger hole than this had announced that you cannot charge any money
for God's work you
cannot live
on the earnings
of
God's love
That time I took the name of the people who would go all around and try
To entice people and take money from them and live on that
Of course the surprisingly nobody has yet prosecuted that
Was the first beginning of sahaja yoga
that we started thinking in the terms of mass realisation, but
I had to study quite a lot
because an Indian mind is very different from the Western mind and
India knows that the aim of his life is self-realization
Of course, we have learned so much from you about science
about economics about banking
insurances
But we have some knowledge about the roots and there is no harm in learning something
From India also in case we know it is worth something
The knowledge of the Kundalini was known to Indians thousands of years back and
also
there are
many
examples
of people getting realization
But they were very very few people
so when I started studying people I said there is a
problem on the chakras on the centre's
If you have to become a subtler being to enter into your roots, I have to see that your subtler
Me is completely manifesting for that your chakras have to be clear
These chakras can be cleaned by various ways
And we started using various methods
to clean, of course all these methods
That we used to cleanse them
where
according to the prescriptions we had from our
Other people like putting the hands like this comes from Mohammed Saheb
Because Mohammed Saheb has said at the time of resurrection your hands will speak
We do not deny any religion whatsoever
Because according to us all religions have truth hidden
In a very subtle form and if you have that subtle understanding you can approach that
now
He has said at the time of resurrection your hands will speak
And is a fact your hands can speak no doubt
But you have to get your realization. Otherwise, it doesn't work out
What we call is baptism is the same as realization
It is that
the
Centers are cleared out
Then the Kundalini rises. That is the Holy Ghost rises and blesses you with your self-realization
And opens out your fontanel, bone area
Will be surprised in new zealand's a place like New Zealand the whole hall was all full
We didn't advertise much
but I don't know why people were so sensitive and
They came and they told me mother like a booze. It came out of her head
But I must say New Zealand people must be very deep people
There must be a very deep seeking in them and they are not affected by
other
conditionings
So surprising it was
Why in Melbourne also I had a very good experience. I
Would say that it is
The quality of the person that matters in sahaja yoga very much
Because it is the becoming
Like an egg becomes a bird
Like we can say a
Seed becomes a plant
now it is a becoming very important and so we have to see if a person is willing to
adapt that becoming
We have our ways and methods of telling how to do
Nanak sabha said sahaja samadhi Lama
He said only through sahaja
By spontaneous happening by living process you get some other he said it
He said also that there are Ida and Pingala to noddy's within us
Kabirdasa has clearly said it
so
Into any cult when you go you will find they do not talk of any religion as such
They do not give you any ideas as to what the essence of the religion is
They do not prove it to you and they do not show you where it exists for
for example will say that
Christ is within us now. Where is Christ who was Christ how he came on this earth?
How he was conceived first in the heavens. What was the thing? He did? We don't know if he just read Bible
You won't know you have to read for that Devi mahatmya
you have to understand through that that Christ was the
Aumkara means what you call the
Divine sound he came out of that and that's why he could walk on the water
There are so many things written about Christ in other books and so many great things written
in those books that we do not want to
going to them and how are we going to understand him, but first of all,
realization is very important to expand your
attention
with an enlightened way I
Was happy to know that people in Adelaide are traditional
All good traditions are to be accepted
They are not to be given up
There are family people. That's all also another good thing that they're family people
but
The problem is that they are placed into such a chaotic condition
That they cannot decide what is right and what is wrong?
Now these traditions which are good should be taken and all these traditions we should build up something
That is wider and greater as soon as you get realization
You get
Your
New awareness called collective consciousness about which you has written very cleared
You have to become collectively conscious but those who are superficial people
Don't get it
Those people who have problems on this centre. Do not get it. They do not feel it
Those people who are not serious minded don't get it if they don't get it then they start
Blaming others then blaming themselves. There are so many who have got realization and so many are doing well
This is what is needed today
Unless and until you get to a transformation
Unless and until you become your spirit
Unless and until you get collective consciousness the problems of this world cannot be solved
That's a fact but
Everybody doesn't get it
everybody cannot get it and
We cannot guarantee that
Those who can get it have to be the people who should seriously
understand the importance of self-realization
For example in India. No problem
We have say the president of the world
high court, (unclear) , he got his realization just like this
In two minutes
And he was so amazed at it. He asked his wife all the way. We knew them very well
Otherwise also to fly out
from  Udaipur
To see me and to get  her realization.  to them It is an important thing very important
The most important thing is to become the spirit
Because he is now the High Court judge
Hail high court, the highest position that you could reach it does not matter
It's nothing great
If he has not got his self-realization, what's the use of living in this world?
but the
attention of
The people has to move that side and it has moved in the West quite a lot
There are definitely lots of seekers in the West
But the problem of the West I must tell you is something very different
the problem of the West is like this that within us is there are two
systems which were autonomous nervous system
One is the left. Another is the right
The left one is called as the Ida Nadi or you call the moon
Channel or the one which is which looks after
I've been lecturing every night for hours
The moon Channel
now the moon channel is the one that
works out our desires we get our desires through this left-side moon channel and
the right-side one if you see clearly
It starts little
from the second center is the one we call it as I
Mean no use telling English in English. There is no English name. So it is called as Pingala
Now this is the channel that works out our action
First one gives us desire and the second one gives us action
Now a person who goes to extreme on any one of them
Tries to go away from the center. For example. Now we have in the West lots of ideas say about
Action
Now this is the right side. This is the left side. Now, we have the right and left and the center in between
Alright now if you are too much in the action on the right side going to imbalance it breaks
The connection with the main if it breaks the connection with the main then what happens you start working on your own this side
The connection the control goes away. Once the control of the central nervous system is gone
You can become malignant. You can develop any diseases of that kind which are psychosomatic
Also with the physical exertions and all that you can develop some other diseases which are more physical
now going to extremes for example for
Ladies I have always told who are married ladies
I have already stole about them that they really work very hard in the West in the sense
They have their standards are so high. Everything should be spic-and-span and all the time a cleaning. They have no time to rest
They have no time to rest at all. They must take out some time to rest and
Look after themselves as well
They should involve the whole family in the work and see that there is a little balance
It should not be that the only the woman should go on working all the time for the house
Of course homemaking is her love and her liking but that doesn't mean that she should completely sort of
get
Ruined with that she has to use a balance. She should use
Some balances which are useful to keep her up her
Self in the center. So what we say that everything should be done in a moderate form, please please madam
It's you please please well. Everything should be you are not the only person listening. There are many see. Listen. I'll tell you madam
See now one thing
I must tell you
There are so many who have come here all the way and I have come all the way from London. All right
Understand that you are not the only person who has come to listen, but why do you don't you allow others to listen?
This is uncivil. You are not civil. You should allow others to listen. They have come to listen to me not to you
Keep quiet I listen to you later on. All right
There should be
Sensible thing this is no sense. What's the use?
If I am
but I mean whatever your ideas are groping inside you keep to yourself. Why do you want to force it on me?
All right, let me make . then you hold a meeting and make it
Can you get even one person to listen to you madam? I
Would like to know no, no, no, please just
See they have not come to listen to you at all. They have come to listen to me
All right. None of them are here to listen to you. It's a simple thing like that
Why are you talking if you want to talk? Let us you can have a meeting of a bigger quality talk to them?
Tell them whatever you want to tell it's alright
And I won't disturb you
And let me tell them alright now keep it to yourself nobody has come -
alright
now
This is the I was telling you about the extreme go
behavior of anything is not
We have to keep in balance
When we come in the balance
In the moderate way, if we live then what happens that we keep this contact all the time with the whole
Now the Kundalini that is down below in three-and-a-half
Coils has to rise through all this
When she Rises through all this she pierces through your fontanel
Bone area and you actually feel the cool breeze coming out of your head
If you do not feel it and if you say I am feeling it you are a hypocrite. I
Am NOT going to say you are feeling it it is you worse to say
There are many people who come to sahaja yoga like that. I'm feeling it. It's about is that unnecessarily?
Why should they try to deceive themselves?
You are not to deceive yourself. You see yourself that you feel the cool breeze coming out of here
Are you genie are you genie, huh? What's it I can't hear you. Sorry
I can't hear you madam. I'm sorry
No, I'm not I can't hear
No, I am NOT. I am NOT. You shouldn't say like that. No, I am NOT a liar
I'm not hearing you at all and I'll give you a chance to talk
All right, despite everything I will give you a chance to talk. There's a letter against you here. Are you Jeanie?
Are you Jeannie?
Jenny you thinned down very much. I must say
You are much fatter person were you
Yes, I know now there's a letter about you here, which I don’t want to read it out.
It's not good, but you better read it yourself
No, no. No, I I'm not like you, I am not like you. Alright now keep the dignity of the whole thing. No sense
Be sensible. There's nothing it is so
But it's not the time
they have not come here for me -
Yes,  Just see, why should we take their time they have not come here to listen
When I did no I didn't even knew you much
See this is you are she herself? We see now. This lady says that she was driven out
Means she was taking on she herself never went away. Why did she go away? She didn't like it
That's a simple thing. She should have gone away. Why was she is taking on?
What did she say oh
Oh. I see. There is a letter about that, your brainwashing. Nirmala, you know Nirmala? Now, read it out now. Better have it.
Alright let it be what she has to say about you if you can say something she can also say something. All right
She also has a right to say no little bit let it out
Stephens do you mind reading it out once for all?
Listen to this what she has to say about you
She sent a telegram
Take this. That’s wasting of time. It’s Adelaide speciality
We should I don't know what's the matter
But last time we have gone again, they came to hit me.
Before that, there was some other. All the time you have a group like that All the time
and I am surprised. You see if some people can’t do Sahaj yoga, alright give it up.
Why should they be thrown out?
That's all and you can go to the courts you see not here why doesn't she go to the courts to see that sensible
Why is she so angry and now listen now another another angry person you listen to her what she has done to her
Just waste of time
All right, but this is not the place
My child, this is not see if she's hurt. She would have written to me
She would have come and see me. She would have talked to me. This is don't rest there
You see you. See nobody has come to listen to her if somebody's hurt. This is civil
You tell me others have come here to listen to me. All right?
But why do you expose here why to demonstrate here? She can come and see me tomorrow
I will give her time 1 hour 2 hour, whatever she wants
All right, but why disturb everyone they have come for their realization let them have
Why do want to be dog in the manger?
But it is justifiable
All right, all right, just listen to this letter now you have one complaint
She has another complaint about you this she told me on the phone that it is about you really has written
But this is what she has sent now. There's a complaint about her you see in any group
There can be complaints about people we have driven out so many men also from Sahaja Yoga so many but you see
Driven out we had to ask them to get out
They never went out if she had gone out then I would have understood her that she had grudges
But when she was asked to get out then she has grudges means that we should have grudge about her. I
Can't just hear I don't know what's happened
All right. Let me let them Jenny. There's no need to be that aggressive. There's no need
All right, no need come along
You were in Sahaja Yoga ?
I tell you this Adelaide business
You are not allowing me to speak at all, but this is not the way if one person is hurt
This is not the way
Now if she's hurt she could have come and told me she would have which is welcome for that
She would have told me this is what has happened anything you see there are ways
It is quite simple my child
She looks quite alright, you don't know what she has done if you read the letter. Why don't you read the letter?
What is it? Bevakoofon ki kami nahin hai Galib.(meaning ‘there is no dearth of fools’ as said by Galib the great poet)
What is this
We
Yes, this is not proper it's not being kind to your people in Adelaide
This is dog is the manga this is no no no, no. No. No Jenny. That's not problem. No, no, he's not proper
This is not proper. There's no propriety. I must say there's no propriety
This is not the way to behave you could come and see me. I am here only for one day
There are so many people wanted to hear me now your jump you want me to hear you?
It's selfish is it you should of course, you're very selfish. You should come and see me
I told you you can come and see I
Can talk to you I can talk to all of them and tell them whatever is wrong. We try to correct it
That's a simple way But this is being very selfish. Just to correct it, attract the attention of everyone.
If you call a meeting, will you have these people? There's no
All right, six years is finished eight years is finished I have been working for 16 years, and I've had people like this
So what am I to do? I bet huh?
how much what?
I have paid from my own bank quite a lot, for your information. You know for definite. That’s there. You should not lie.
That is Janie now you don’t lie there. You know I have paid out of my pockets. You know that very very well.
Now don't tell lies there
You know that you can't say this this
What jewelry?
With jewelry, nothing I all you see actually will be surprised
What jewellery? What jewellery? No jewellery? What jewellery you gave me?
What did she give me
You know, I mean just imagine see now I
I'll tell you one thing. She's she's really she's really talking through her hat
If you ask my husband
These feminist are. What are you doing? Why are you, why are you behaving like this? You see, this is not proper. It’s not being proper.
No. No. Jenny. It’s not proper. You are making allegations which are absolutely false.
You know that. You know that I have spent lots of money out of my pockets. And I have been giving lots of presents
Myself and not a single thing that you have given me I've used it. No, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no
No, it's not correct
What see why do you what
No. No. No. I’ll tell you about. I’ll tell you about. Is she here? Melissa is she here? Is Paul here? Is he here? Is he here? Call him?
I'll tell him he will know why why what happened? He let him be here while topic
Why are you talking? No. You don’t talk for him. Why didn't he come? Why didn't he come? No, I know
I know everything I know everything that happens everything. All right, sit down sit down. Why not?
All right, now this one is a story see we had thousand people in that place throughout I
Didn't take I never touch money, you know that very well. No, no, I who
Whose brother?
Who? Who gave me? Who? Who is this brother?
Ten thousand dollars.
I have absolutely no knowledge. Is an absolute lie. This is a lie.
I can put you on the court on this no nothing of the kind
Nothing of the kind
If he had given me I would have known and if he had put that money I give it for Sahaj Yoga work
But I do not need your money. You must know that I am sufficiently
Enough with myself and I give away my money. You know that very well Jenny and don't tell lies
Well, I don't know I don't know where is it you find out I am first time I am hearing
See, I'll tell you first time
I am hearing this from you that the person who died because I had cured him of AIDS. You know that and then he died.
Is he the one? No. Which one? Which one is William? Which one is this William?
Which one is this William from Adelaide? When where who is this William?
Oh
I never say that we never used those words. I never use I
Did I say to you all
All lies. I mean A to Z is a lie.
See now
there are there are so many people in our movement and if somebody says that if I find it if I know it I
I verify it and I throw him out. And she did the same, that’s why she was thrown out.
Why not read the letter, why we threw her out. Just read the letter, why we threw her out.
This is the way why do you want to get insulted?
Why do you want to get insulted for nothing at all is all a lie. I must say it's all a lie. I
Don't need
Let them go it is not correct. It's absolutely a lie
What’s the name of the gentleman who gave the money? Just ask her also. What’s the name of the gentleman? You should find out.
Hello. Mrs. Jenny, please tell us who is the gentleman
No. No. We want to know. Hello. I want to know the name of the gentleman who left the money. Will you please tell?
Please tell me I want to find out I will find out huh?
Who was he and
Now who is the gentleman give us the address?
I must find out and if it is not so, I’ll sue you. I will sue you.. Alright. Bring it.
Where is the thing? Where is the ten thousand?
Alright, let’s find out.
No, no to be exact. Let us know who is the gentleman
nobody gave
just imagine
These are lies I tell you
Even this time, coming to Australia, I have purchased my own ticket.
Now this lady they should tell me the name of the man who gave money
supposing
You better get her removed. You better go. You are very troublesome.
You see they are the people who form sort of unions. And they did the same in the Ashrams.
That's not allowed in Sahaja Yoga
You are not supposed to form any unions like that. And these were saying, we are feminist and we must dominate men.
then
Shit. That’s letter
What words , imagine
You can't abuse me
Please, will you ask this lady and this one also to go?
No. No. This one. This one with
orange dress. Ask her to go. Please. You see, I don’t want to insult you, Madam
But this is wrong to insult me like this. You can't say all these words to me for nothing at all
I have done no wrong to anyone. I have always tried to help everyone spending. My husband's money is a fact you know that
Beg your Pardon
What's he saying
What is he saying?
Quite a lot. I must say quite a lot you see now he has paid for my coming here
Alright, but sometimes they also feel ashamed that I should pay for their salvation
So they tried to pay to the travelers
Not to me. I don't need any money. Thank God, you know if Christ was living
I don't know what you would have done to him
By God's grace I come from a rich family and my husband is quite well-off
Otherwise you would have finished off Christ who was just a carpenter's son
After all if I have to travel it's better that you pay for your salvation
but still that is also paid by my husband and
Sometimes he jokes also that all the Guru's are making big money and here is one guru who is giving her own money to others?
You see this is a not affect, but somebody supposing give something to me
Say precious the other day one lady gave me a diamond. I don't take it
I said sell it and whatever is the money all this money should be donated for the work of sahaja yoga
Now the work of sahaja yoga is that we have to buy ashrams
For people to live. We have got a very nice school in Melbourne
Actually in Adelaide we have done nothing here
The people have been not so constructive but in Melbourne
we have got a beautiful school where the government has certified that the school is so beautiful and the children are
What they are claiming
So beautiful and such a private school is doesn't exist in Australia. That's how they have certified the school
It's a primary school run by sahaja. Yogi's the sahaja
Yogi's also have to sacrifice a little bit because you know
the private school fees is quite a lot and everybody cannot afford to pay and
They were amazed at the children that there now if you want to make false
Allegations what can anybody do but I can prove it that this my money
She's saying somebody I took ten thousand you see it is very difficult to give me anything very difficult You try
Even my husband finds it difficult to give me anything
That's not my nature to take
All right
You see this is the main thing a person who takes money will not
Shout at the top of her voice all the time that you cannot pay for work Oh
isn't
this is the first time we have people here like this and
This lady I must tell you has the problem in a very funny problem
Which I don't want to talk to you and because of that problem we had to ask her to go
Come here I tell you I come here. I'll tell you if you come here. I'll tell you
Why do you want to know her problem, I'll tell her not you who are you to ask me I am NOT going to tell
Let her come and see me. I'll tell her I am NOT going to tell
Otherwise, why did we throw?
Now there's one person I'll tell you as he said it this gentleman has said it correctly that there may be somebody who did it
You see there was one person. I don't know if he did the same
He was the same here, but somebody who was who was a man who was not a woman and very very dominating
We threw him out. He is in Australia which threw out three men and
Few women we had to because we are not supposed to dominate you see in a place
Where we have to think of God and of peace
We cannot have people who believe in dominate. We cannot have people who try to
Assert on anyone
Now the question of her husband being sick. You see this Melissa
They haven't come both of them haven't come because I know the mistake was this
They I had told them not to sit in the sun too much and not to drink too much of orange juice
But the orange juice is such an attractive thing say I did think they could not control and he developed this diarrhea
We have three doctors always on the two always we have three doctors on the two who look after them. They are they're free
They look after them now
We were in a very far off village when this fellow got this
Still he was brought they said we'll take her to the hospital. She wouldn't agree
She wouldn't agree
She is such a neglecting wife such a neglecting wife that Indian women were surprised. How could she she neglect her husband like this?
It's all right, he'll be all right, she was postponing and it was our doctors who took him there
I mean the day they were admitted because of us because in India a foreigner cannot be admitted unless until you have a doctor certificate
No in India, they are very particular about foreigners admitted and that's how they admitted
Now there's another thing I'll tell you how the bonafide is can be established of Sahaja Yoga
Sahaja yoga also in India very much respected. Any foreigner who goes to India has to have a clean chit from a doctor
except for Sahaja Yogi's
In Delhi, I say this is the trouble in Bombay in Delhi. We are doing so much but here it's so difficult
and also I say Rome is very good, Austria is good
And Australia poetry is very good for partly quite funny
Now I tell you one thing in Delhi. They are having a
proper investigation made
for cancer for liver and
For asthma how Sahaja Yoga can cure
They have already made the Dean of Faculty of physiology can write to him. Mr. Rai of Delhi University has
Already submitted a paper about sahaja yoga saying that sahaja yogi has a much better resistance than other people
Has proved it
And it is being accepted and published by
The government you can write to him and find out you see this is the trouble here
Here no officers come. Such people come in who are good for nothing.
They trouble us do they is true that all kinds of things such problems you get fed up with them
You see you are here to get your realization to get well to be alright to be good to healthy people to enjoy
Yourself to have a good married life and to have sweet children
That's why we are in sahaja yoga not to fight and claim things
I mean, this is a falsehood complete falsehood that somebody gave me ten thousand rupees
Say for complete falsehood. Why didn't she tell me the name and address of the person? it's impossible?
I cannot take a single - why should I?
What is the need for me to do?
If you get Melissa’s husband Paul, he’ll tell you.
He knows he never came here. Why didn't he come the one who was sick?
He never came Melissa never came, these people are just putting up something some people are never in the Sahaja
Yoga only this lady was
And she was troublesome. She gave us trouble
And we are, are we not free to ask somebody to go out of Sahaja Yoga, if she gives us trouble
still we should stick on to them and
Jewelry and other what jewelry you can give I have so much jewelry
You see sometimes these people give me some sort of a jewelry, which is optional sometimes and given money to Sahaja Yoga
I don't take anything. Why should I take I have so much already. I don't know what to do with it
Actually, I am giving away all most of my jewelry silver to these people
all nonsense
So
My brother is here
Who is the judge of High Court Bombay High Court is sitting here and watching you people
Is this the way to behave
very childish
Very childish despite that you get your realization. I
Must say you people must be great in your last lines how many mistakes people have committed here?
How much we have tried to sort of harm ourselves, but you get your realization
That's the beauty of the whole thing. There must be something about you that you get your realization
But those who don't get start fighting now, how can we give it there's no force
We cannot say all right now supposing this one seed which doesn't sprout say. All right, then she says no, why must stop?
Why don't I sprout?
Can you do that? It's a living process, isn't it?
And we don't tell
Problems of one person to another there are problems serious problems
Very very serious problems. People have we don’t tell because it’s not proper.
We know because we know their centres and that's how we know what problems they're I
Mean we are definitely cured people no doubt about it, and you all can be cured and you can enjoy your health
We have with us one psychiatrist here, who is first class first who is a first class first of
of Cambridge and first class first, We have a psychiatrist. You see these are very mediocre people.
We have people here who are very highly qualified
Who are travelling with me?
Absolutely mediocre people nothing to do living on doles and behaving like this
This dole business should vanish from this country. I tell you half of your problems will be solved
Let them get to some work let them know their value
That's the problem because of this dole business. You see this no self-respect. They don't understand that they must get their self-realization
It is very surprising
That all the television and all that came here just to follow the people to shout out and then they are not
Interested. Is this the way to encourage these people?
Nothing good about them. What is so special what good has she done what is her importance?
She's still talking now, please stop madam
What’s she saying? What’s she saying?
What to do? you are not in balance. I have to stoop down to your level
See this is this is the same person who tried I am quite in balance
But I have to stoop down to your levels to pull you out. I am quite in balance. All right
Now listen don't tell me stories will you please stop that?
You are not interested. no you are not you are not the one
I would like to say that Shri Mataji had given me so much in my life. So much peace and happiness.
But I would just like you all to ask these
Four these two people here those two people there and maybe these two if you can't keep quiet
I don't know
But could you please just go now and let’s have the meeting, to give other people a chance to get what I had.
Oh
no. Will you please ask her to go now? Will you please? Now, this is a. Will you please? Can you please ask the?
So much time she has taken I can't help it I was just in time for you
Stephens leave us a policeman to take her out. She's talking too much.I mean, she doesn’t understand anything.
All right, so those who are interested in Sahaja Yoga should stay the rest can go away
You see it doesn't matter how many people get it?
The thing is as I have told you only those who deserve it will get it
Everybody doesn't get it doesn't matter whatever has happened. I'm sure you all will get your realization. I'm sure of it
It doesn't matter because it's the quality that matters. This is the quality
There are people who are anxious to get realization
Don't hurt her.  don't hurt her
What a relief
Alright, but don't hurt her just let it be.
Only thing you can't crucify me
All right, it does matter take it easy that's life
Now as I was telling you now if you go to any extremes you break your connection with the whole
And as you break your connection with the whole all these centers which are supplying
horizontally to our
physical mental emotional and spiritual being get cut or get
Exhausted or augmented as they call it in medical terminology
So the central part is the parasympathetic nervous system, which doctors have not reached?
Now through this Kundalini, which is there, which is three and a half point many try this
It pierces through six centers
pierces through your fontanel bone area and when it pierces through your fontanel area you get your
self-realization as simple as that
this
This is your mother Individual mother, because she gives you birth a
Second birth, and she doesn't trouble you
She doesn't give you any problems
She takes up all problems upon herself she tries but I have seen in some people the Kundalini is very badly hurt
wounded
just
All the time like a bleeding
Serpent you can say it's just moving up and down helplessly trying to rise
It rises and falls down in some people
And it is such a sad thing that it works out in
days together
When the person cooperates to keep the Kundalini up there
But most of the people get it and with little practice about a year or so at the most they become masters
But within one month they know everything about Sahaja Yoga and they know how to do in fact you become your own master
You don't have to have any guru. You don't have to have any master. for this You don't have to pay a single pie
You don't have to do anything of the kind
It just works out automatically and you can give realizations to others once you get it when you become the master
But that is a quality which one has to achieve
If you achieve that quality then only you can do it
Otherwise, you cannot do it by talking about spirit by talking about God you do not achieve it
It is a living process of evolution as we have become human beings
We become that higher being this is the seeking today and that's what people are seeking
They are not seeking something which has been said or done
But they want that beyond this one and beyond this is the spirit. But as I told you the people who are
Not of that quality do not get it
But for that you cannot blame anyone you cannot blame yourself and you should not feel guilty about it either
But you must know that everybody if he tries can achieve it
Some people might get it today. Some people might get tomorrow doesn't matter if you work it out
It is very easy to get your self-realization in modern times
Now as in our country we had searched
in the
Subtler side of our life towards the roots
We have definitely
Found out so many things so many points so many Saints have written
Say in the sixteenth century. There was a great poet called ToKurama
He has described it very clearly and then there in the sixth century. We had Adi Shankaracharya who has described it
but later on I would say it was Guru Nanaka and
Kabira who has described Kundalini in their scriptures
The main point is that in India. Also people got diverted
They were told that we should not read this the sixth chapter of the Ganesha Rock
Because it talked about Kundalini because they did not want to do it
They did not know it. They had no authority like a priest class. They were in the same way in every religion, I think
Nobody tried to find out how to get self-realization that was the problem and because of that people have suffered
there have been many great people who have been self-realized even we can say like
Michelangelo was a realized soul. Now if I say that
How can you say Mother you can ask me a question?
Mother
how can I say that Michelangelo was or Mozart was he was because
When you put your attention to him and put hands like this you start getting cool vibrations in your hands
That's how you can find out who was a realized soul who was not a realized
So the truth, you know through your hands not through your rationality through your understanding, but you know
What is right and what is wrong through your hands now?
These are five centers as shown there clearly you can see on the hands
Yeah, find is not shown I think in this one. All right, these are this is these are the five centers
It's just six and this is the seventh this is on the left hand side is the emotional side and right hand side
the physical and the
intelligence, so these one two, three four five six and seven
These are the seventh Center now somebody has a problem on any Center
you start feeling either a numbness or
a coolness or
a kind of a burning
Sometimes even a little blisters come out of the thing.
Then you should know that person has a problem of the center
now if you know the decoding of this finger
What does it mean and how this is caused you can correct it if you can correct it that person feels
All right, you feel all right
And you have all the powers to cure that person here or yourself and we want with the divine force
It is the all-pervading power of God everywhere this call it
But we have never felt it. We have never felt the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost
Now this is the first time we feel the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost
first time we feel we become sensitive to it and we start feeling
but those people who are
Conditioned who are running after other thing who are members of these and members of that and members all their lives
They finish as members of this and members of that
They do not get anything out of it, and they do not know
What is their meaning first time we discover your meaning when you become the spirit?
Unless and until you become the spirit
you will not know your meaning as I told today today radio lady that it's like a
an instrument
Unless and until it is connected to the mains
It is useless in the same way unless and until we are connected to the mains. We are know
We are not happy. We are not satisfied
now this
(in Hindi) ‘trikonakar asthi’ what we call as The Sacrum Bone
Has that power which is the pure desire within us
the pure desire
The pure desire is only one the rest of the desires are impure
the pure desire is to rise and
Get to the divine power
Once you get that
It's like a light coming into a lamp then what is the lamp do is to give realization to us it?
Starts giving lots of realization to others and starts
Giving all the ...they are only interested in the quarrel.
They would not come it's such an important thing
Such an important thing, but they are only interested in the quarrel if somebody they're going to quarrel they'll all line up with stuff
It's not a very good thing, you know, this must understand the importance of the time
is the most important time this is the
Judgement time here. You are going to get the power to judge yourself and judge others
And if you do not develop that within you you are lost
So it is important for all of you to feel your spirit
Now I can go on talking like this for a long time
But I would like you to get your realization and by God's grace
I am sure it will work out
Now those who want to have their realisation should stay those who do not want please go away
You cannot force on anyone you have to ask for it. I cannot force on anyone. You see something one should understand
It's a living process
You become absolutely normal
first of all
Normalcy means that you do not feel guilty about anything
You be pleasant to yourself. You should be pleasantly placed towards yourself
You should be in a happy mood and should not think that you have done this mistake that mistake and committed this crime that crime
It is you who is going to judge yourself? It's not me. It's you who is going to judge
Afterwards when you have got realization, it's like this if supposing I have a snake in my hand
all right, and somebody tells me there's a snake in your hand and
There's darkness in my ego. I might say no I don't believe I'm going to hold on to it, but then somebody says
That put on the light and the lights are on you see the snake you just drop it
It's like that
so
The knowledge is the truth and truth is the knowledge and everything is the love of God and compassion
There is no place for hatred and anger
in Sahaja Yoga
Now I think we have had too much of
Question-and-answer he let us have our realization. Some people can come forward would be better idea
You can move forward if some people want to come forward
No, no, yeah, yeah
Now the peaceful with yourself first of all forgive yourself forgive yourself
that's very important and
be confident that you are all capable of
Getting realization
Do not blame yourself for anything
Whatever you have done is forgiven
Absolutely, so do not blame yourself. You have to have a complete faith in yourself. That's very important
All right
No
As I said the left hand is a desire so you please put your left hand on your lap
It would be nice
if you can take out our shoes also to get the help from the Mother earth because
She sucks in most of our problems very easily
It takes only five to seven minutes but only thing is one should intensely ask for it and wanted
Please put your left hand towards me
Now with the right hand we do the action now, I'll tell you how you will have to raise your own Kundalini
All right, you will know how to raise your own Kundalini and that's how you can practice at home also
Now this left hand is towards me. That is that you want your realization?
Now right hand is first put on the heart where resides the spirit
Now this right hand is taken down again on the center here
which is the center as we call it the swadhishthana, which is the center which does all the
I'm sorry. This is on the upper part of it. There is the center of the principle of mastery
Or guidance
Below that in the on the stomach on the lower side of the abdomen
You have in the lower side of the abdominal the left-hand side
you have a
center which is very very important which is of swadishtana, which works out all the
Processes of
Divine Love or all the techniques of Divine Love
So then you go back again on the upper part of your stomach on the left hand side again
The whole thing is working on left hand side then put your right hand on
the heart
Then please put your right hand  on the neck and
Turn your head like this between the corner of the neck and the shoulder
Now take your right hand on top of your head and
Press it hard on both the sides
Now take your hand on the backside and put your head on
The backside and press it hard on the backside
Now
The same hand now has to go on top of your head
And has to be stretched like this on top of your head and press it hard
the scalp seven times
That's all you have to do now you have to close your eyes, so here we go
start our
process of Kundalini awakening but to begin with I have to tell you again that
You have to be in a very pleasant mood and you have to forgive yourself and you are not to feel guilty at all
that's the first condition for
Anything you have taken drugs. All right finished. If you are an alcoholic fit doesn't matter anything you have done
Finished that's fast at this time. It does not matter
At this time it does not matter just forgive yourself now close your eyes put both the legs
Parallel to each other
Now take the right hand to your heart
on the heart
Put this hand properly and here resides the spirit. So please ask me a question in your heart
Very intensely very important question. You can call me Shri Mataji, or you can call me Mother
Mother am I the spirit ask this question three times?
Hmm
Now take this hand and the upper part of your abdomen on the left-hand side and press it
This is the center of your mastery
So the second question comes in as you are the spirit you are your master too
Now ask me again three times with full confidence mother. Am I my own master?
Now take down your right hand in the lower part of your abdomen on the left hand side
Here you have to ask six times
because this Center
Has got six petals
Here you have to ask because I cannot force on you. So please ask me mother. May I have the pure knowledge?
This is the knowledge of the technique
Mother may I have the pure knowledge?
Yes, press it hard
Hmm six times
With these the Kundalini starts moving upward now
now at this time
You have to cooperate with your Kundalini sit straight put your both the legs apart from each other now
Be careful. Take your right hand
On the upper part of your abdomen on the left-hand side and press it hard
Now here with full confidence you have to say mother I
Am my own master say it with full confidence
Please say mother. I am my own master
Raise your right hand this is to be said 10 times press it hard. Say 10 times first
Now raise your right hand to your heart
Here again
With full confidence you have to say 12 times
the most
Important thing and the only truth that is mother. I am the spirit
Please say 10 times with all confidence in yourself
Mother I am the spirit
Please keep your eyes shut. Don't keep them open. Just keep them closed
Till I tell you keep your eyes shut mother I am the spirit
Now, raise your, this you have to say twelve times properly.
Now raise your right hand on
to your neck in
the corner
that is formed why your neck and
Your shoulder and turn your face towards the right
turn your head towards the right
Press it hard here is the center which is always blocked when we feel guilty
God is
The ocean of love and
Grace, but he is above all
He is the ocean of forgiveness
So, please say sixteen times here mother. I am not guilty
Please say sixteen times and if you still feel you can say it 108 times to punish yourself
Sixteen times mother I am NOT GUILTY at all with full confidence
Now
Take your hand
On your forehead across and press it hard
Now
Here you have to say
Mother I forgive everyone
Now some of you
All the time say
That
It's very difficult Mother to forgive
but whether you forgive or
Do not forgive. It's a myth you
Do not do anything in both the cases
but when you say I forgive you do not play into wrong hands, so
Just say Mother, I forgive everyone
Put back your hand
You have to say it from your heart
Now put back your hand on the backside of your head and
Allow your head to rest on it
Here just for your satisfaction. You can say Oh, Divine
If I have done any mistakes, please forgive me just for your satisfaction. Don't start counting your mistakes, please
Push back your head from your heart how many times is not the point?
Push back your head back
Keep your eyes shut
Terrible heat
Now
Take your hand on top of your head
Open it out fully
Press only your fontanelle
Palm in the center
on the fontanelle bone area
That is the soft bone, which you had in your childhood, press it hard press
the scalp and
Make it move seven times. Please. Keep your eyes shut press it hard
Now take down your hand open your eyes slowly
Put your right hand towards me
Like this
Like this title like this
Right like this and with the left hand you see on top of your head
you can bend your head a little and see for yourself if there's a cool breeze coming out of your
head
Bend it. Bend. Bend your head. And it could be
little, some people get it here.
Now change that left hand towards me with the right hand you see no bend your head and see for yourself
Now, again change once more. right hand towards me and see with the left hand
Now raise your hand up in the air and just ask a question in your heart, is this the cool breeze
Of the Holy Ghost. Is this the Brahma Chaitanya?
Is this the love of God that we are feeling as cool breeze?
Ask any question three times in your heart put your head up towards
sky, ah
Now take down your hands, just see for yourself watch me without thinking you can do it
Hmm
You were supporting a wrong person
I knew this would don’t matter. Later on.  So Divine is very you see judges you very much.
(In Hindi language) Aa Raha hai dhanda? cool is coming in your hands great
Now those who are getting cool in their hands or on top of their heads
Please raise both the hands those who are getting both the hands those who are getting cool breeze
both the hands
Those who are getting cool brings on their head or in their hands, please raise both the hands
Good. put it put it up put it up.Don't down.If you aren’t feeling it doesn’t matter.
See how many have got it
Alright, put them down. Despite all the trouble . Sardarji. Aap ko nahin hua Kya?
Haan?
Arey Bhai paar utar Gaye sant Jana Rey? Kyon bhai aap ko kyon nahin hua? Chalo. Haath karo meri taraf
Hua nahin?
Aaya nahin dhandak haath mein sar mein?
Aa gayi na? They have got it.
Arey Sardarji. Logon ka hi toh kaam Kar rahey Hain.
Nanak Saheb ka hi toh kaam Kar rahey Hain. Unhone hi toh kaha hai.
Hain na baat?
They know this they know this very well, ah May God bless you
Now what is to be done how to maintain it
and How to keep it up and how to master it is the point you must master it
Some people haven't felt it. I know some people haven't felt. doesn't matter
You were opening your eyes closing your eyes. You see that's not the way little intensity you should do
All right, doesn't matter those who haven't got it should not worry those who have got it are very good
They should all of them can come to a program
They are having what they call a workshop where individually, they'll attend to you. You don't have to pay any money whatsoever
That's a fact
You don't have to pay any money whatsoever
And there could be one or two persons as  As Christ has said, Beware of the murmuring souls
But here people are over conscious of them I think.
So it has done good to so many and will do good to so many of you
What it does to you first of all that you feel extremely peaceful
Extremely peaceful and then you develop this thoughtless awareness. You didn't feel sir. You didn't feel
No? Surprising. I thought you will get it because you are so much there.  What about you?
You too didn’t feel? You did feel it. he is absolutely gone into that
It's good. It's very enjoyable you sleep very well tonight, and then you come and see for yourself
What powers you have. what glory you have. What peace you are we talk of peace. Peace. Peace. Peace
It's not outside peace has to be within
when the people will have peace will then then there will be peaceful and
There can be a cease some people who take time. It's not done that little time but one should work it out
assiduously and with humility
One should not aggress for that. by aggressing you Don't get it, isn't it?
it has to work out is the point there might be something wrong with you or
Which can be corrected very easily
So May God bless you despite the whole thing
I am thankful that you all came and you got your realization and how I hope next time we won't have this problem in Adelaide
Ek in ko realization den. this gentleman. I think he should get it in no time
This gentleman here. Can you see that?
Now see he can give realization these Sahaja Yogi's can give you know, you can get out
I mean some people who haven't got it can get out and they can give realization now
They have got the light they can give realization. You can give realization
All right, please if you don't mind if you can just go there
Anybody else who wants realization hasn't got it should come on this side and they'll work it out for him
Anybody was not fighting. There's nothing to feel funny about it. Some people might not have got it
Is she all right, she's got it this lady you
Got the realization. I'm happy this one this lady here. Did you feel the realization?
How good very good what?
About you no, no
No, just see her. She's not sure. Can you tell what their, In ko Jara dekhiye dono ko
These two persons are here. Let's see them
In any case I would like to shake hands with you, yes, sir. Forget it
Last time they were these ‘Born Again’. they brought Bible to hit me.  Can you believe it?
You see I'm against feminist movement that's why they are angry
Has she got it? Has she got it? Eh?
Just try on her.
We worked on her. She wasn’t sure.
No. no. no. no. There isn’t anything.
Shouldn’t doubt it.  she's got it very well.
You should bring your children. should have brought them children are the best they get it very fast
Now this gentleman. Hello. What's your name? Give him realization. Just come along must give him he was supporting a wrong case. That's why
Just laugh it up. It's now joy enjoy enjoy
So, Adelaide has some great seekers also, I must say. Some very great seekers.
These three are here from Rajyoga. They were hoping to have a word with you
They are right-sided. Very right-sided you see. They are like nuns.
They were wondering if they could speak to you.
They can’t. They are on the right side. Rajyoga doesn’t work out.
There is also television people still hanging outside. They might want to speak to you.
Do you want to speak to them?
I am really surprised at the television. Wasting their time with this nonsense.
Why don’t they see these things and televise it and let people get it? You see, on the television, people can get realization.
Yes
Hello, ah, thank you, ah, beautiful
So I should go and and talk to them
Adelaide has a minimum number of people but very serious people.
There is something great about Adelaide. Very nice people you see. And I think in the foundation you need some serious people also.
Then later on it will grow
I’ll go and see which way to go out.
Haan. What were you doing? You are Rajyogis?
Oh. God
So, what is it want to get your realization or not?
We have got realization.
No. You haven’t. You haven’t got it I tell you. You have to feel a cool breeze in the hand.
We feel love in the heart.
Who is?
Pyar
Pyaar Kya? Pyaar (Pyar is Hindi words for love) is in the heart. Is in the heart. Everybody says that. Saying is not the point.
It has to work. Love must work.
Must act. Act. Act, you see. Unless and until you are not connected with that Divine love, you cannot act. It acts.
Sitting down here you can act with that. See this is the thing is just believing that we have love doesn’t work out. Must act.
We must experience that's the point I was saying see and that's what it is now we don't have any
And the experience is
as described by Adi Shankaracharya.
Adi Shankaracharya has described it as (words in the Sanskrit language) Saleelam Saleelam, is the cool breeze in hands
It’s all described in our Puranas and all that. But in the Brahmakumaris,
I don't think they tell you all about it. Have you heard (unclear) Yes I have heard. I have heard. But I
See I know but then work out I think
You have to have simple self realization first
That's very important. It's very right-sided
Brahmakumaris  is right-sided according to us. Do you think so what is there? Let's say more on the right side is intellect
It's more intellect and things like that and it has to come to the center
Has to come to the center.I have met many people who are from Brahmakumaris.
But somehow I feel that they should try to understand  also that’s it’s all, for one thing, is to become self-realized.
But that is not what you think
It's not that it's the thing that you get and all your central nervous. You must know must get it on your central nervous system
See now your faces are very red. this Vishuddhis are not alright. This centre is not alright.
This centre is not alright.
Faces are very red for normal. You have to be very normal people.
Extremely normal. in normal life you have to   live like Christ lived like everybody lives.
There is no abnormality needed at all. To be absolutely normal life.
What do you mean by normal life? Worldly people?
ah
Worldly people. You should live like worldly people. Actually, we have no place for sanyasa in Sahaja Yoga.
We don’t believe in sanyas.
Brahmakumaris is in the family path.
Yes. But the difference is that we believe in the experience of the realization
and the manifestation of it. That we should be able to raise the Kundalini
If you can raise the Kundalini, can give realization and you are master of that, then you are a Sahaja Yogi.
That's the point is
Think it over. Give it a thought. Alright. Think it over. Think it over. May God bless you. Thank you. Thank you.
This ABC lady is quite sensible about these crazy people
and she would like to come back to the house and in a very quiet atmosphere, to talk with you.
ABC? Who’s that?
They are from 7.30 reporters.
Yes. the Others rest of them have got?
There are some waiting in front talking to people who are going out. We have arranged for them to meet you
First send the Sahaj Yogis to tell them we have got realization. Pretending. First send the Sahaja Yogis.
Ho Gaya tum. Tum ko thanda aaya key nahin? Aaa Gaya. Achha. Kya naam hai tumahara? Khush Raho. Khush Raho.
I am Robert’s mother. Nirmala’s mother
I know. You know what has happened.
It’s a serious thing with Nirmala I don’t know with this woman. You could blame her for this.
She is the one who has just brain-washed Nirmala
I have got a letter for her. I have got a thing from her.
They brain-washed her and brain-washing made Nirmala so dominating, so dominating that Robert got into trouble.
He has very bad pneumonia. When he came in the ashram
I had such a bad right heart. I was quite worried and I said, Who’s that? He said, Robert. Robert.
How did he get such a horrible thing?
Then I realized, He had this pneumonia.
I think Nirmal has to send him to Rome to get alright. I said what’s this? Why did you learn this dominating stuff? Why were you dominating?
It’s very wrong. I think she could have ruined his life and that’s the letter she had given.
How do you do Madam? How do you?
How are you
Ah. Good. Thank you. Look at these one or two persons here and there. They are just trying to trouble me. Doesn’t matter. It’s alright. But people got realization
it’s all right. It’s alright. After all, a ءother has to face all this.
I come all the way from Iceland.
Really imagine from Iceland. Oh my God
All the way from Iceland I have to go to
Iceland also some time. We have some friends in Iceland. There are only 2000 families that have forgotten their names
Nice all right
Yes, I know
I think you better come and tell these people here outside this television people should understand they give so much importance to them
That's why they talk
See they are not
it’s a very sad thing.
To give importance to the wrong type of people. And she told all lies. It was all lies. I mean, I never take money.
What's the question of taking money at all?
Somebody might give some jewellery or something. I auction it out. I never touch anything.
What is the need and  I mean I am the one who is telling everyone not to take any money.
I don’t know. Why don’t they seek themselves? What happened to you, my child?
Why you didn't get it, sorry. You didn’t get your realization?
I tell you what exactly, you didn’t forgive. You should forgive everyone.
You couldn’t forgive them?
Alright. Forgive. Forgive everyone.
I mean even my Arab doing things wrong, I mean I was something.
No. No. Just forgive yourself and I’ll work it out. You just forgive.Don’t say all that.
Don't say anything to yourself just to forgive yourself. That's for me
What Christ has told you. On the cross he said, Forgive.
He forgave and we have to forgive. Alright. Started?
It’s working? Can you feel it? Is it going now? Can you feel the cool breeze?
Do it again. Do it again.
Alright. Let’s see. Now. Is it. Now see. You got your realization.
Forgive forgive from your heart forgive yourself first of all
forgive forgive forgive
now forgive everyone
forgive everyone
forgive now
got it?
Yes. I can. God bless you. Thanks.
She was struck by lightning, Shri Mataji.
Tell me that they feel very high and very very strong vibration, but I can't feel it on the hand. So
Now, let's see
Feeling it? Not yet?
Little bit
You have to work on the photograph. Alright.
Must forgive.
forgive
Hello. You have got it. I can see that. Good. May God bless you.
Nice nice I came for you people
All right come and see them all right
You come from where from Fiji? Sri Lanka? Achha.Got all of you. Got your realization.
What is their surname?
Ah
She is your sister? It was nice meeting you really.
I know. I know. He is a Veena player. I know, I know, I know him very well.  Oh. She wrote to me. Is very good. He had got his realization and is really enjoying.
Just started now started yeah
That’s the mantra you have to say, of Vishnumaya mantra you have to say.
Right start it. Now. How are you?
Got it.  I don’t know if I have got it. You have. You have. You have I know.
Sit down.
Don’t doubt. It’s there. There.
I don't know that I try too hard. You should not try. Just leave it.
Just don’t try. You cannot try. Just leave it.
Ha now now just say
alright. that's it
Shouldn't try it's just it's a spontaneous thing. You cannot try All Right
You have got it.
Really got it. She is got it in a big way.
Thank you . found out
now laugh. Laugh. And laugh.  It’s so simple.
Now, enjoy yourself. Enjoy is the point.
After all the whole thing is all finished. Now, you all got it.
So good so beautiful you want to take photograph. All right
So now what's the matter I was reading about you and you arrived in Adelaide
Just reading about you. Yes
It just works spontaneously, isn’t it.
Of course. I think my Kundalini was partly raised and it is going to drive me a bit mad.
(unclear) my husband.
Who did that؟
Patrick (unclear)
Oh. Baba. They shouldn’t do like that. (unclear) They ruined you completely.
They can’t do it. Must have an authority to do it.
Who's this Patrik?
He is a spiritual leader.
it’s not good. Very bad.
Don't go to these people horrible they take money for that.
So we got very nice people later on and so many of them got realization the lady has gone now she was making all false
allegations. This is, I mean I have never heard about these.
some fake leader has done it.
All right good
Shri Mataji they came to the ashram nearly one year ago and got their realization.
Now it’s confirmed. Alright. God bless you.
Welcome to Adelaide. It’s nice meeting you.
it’s alright. It’s a joke.
And anyway all falsehood the main thing is all falsehood so I didn't know whether to laugh or to say something
but it's a fact you see when
Somebody
Something goes wrong or something frustrated. They try to behave like that. What's the wrong thing? See?
you should try to be more peaceful and see for yourself and not to just
Get you to problems
Because she could not say anything to us. I mean what was wrong with us? I mean nothing
Maybe somebody might have dominated that I can't say that but that doesn't mean that the whole of sahaja. Yoga is like that
Some people can dominate you. It’s alright.
Nice to meet you and a smile  is the most beautiful thing that I want to see
So. You got it. Despite all the problems.
Don't you worry?
Expect your teachings, your philosophy, more than other countries.
Yes. That’s true. For example, Austria.
Austria is very good, England. And
I would say, the best is Italy.
the
And then the second best could be Australia I would say. I don’t know how to compare,
But in India, of course, they know what it is
So I have thousands and thousands of people who got realization.
In India there are so many people who are in need of some sort of a hope,
That you would have a big influence on them
Is that the way you see it, that you have a very very large population, a lot of people looking for hope.  yes
Apart from you see.
Once you get realization you see this problem of population is solved
you see this problem of population is solved. You see, a person becomes very dynamic. They become very creative. They start doing dynamic work
They improve financially also. All of them have improved financially, everyone. So, it’s a thing of
Energy that is within us which we have not yet used which comes into use and we become dynamic.
You are very happy soul
Yes I am. That’s what. Sometimes they don’t like
To see me very happy because they think I'm ignorant but why I am happy, I'll tell you and I have great hopes
I am sure this world is going to be a beautiful place. That’s why I am so happy.
I am happy because I know now
the world is going to be a very very happy place for all of us to live very happily.
But you do say there are a lot of useless people in the world. What do you do with those useless people?
I don’t know what to do with them because you see there is no room even in the hell.
You see, I don’t know where will they go.
They might hang in the limbo or something like that
But why don’t they see, what is their use? Why they have come on this Earth?
They might you see some people some people
take after the multitudes. So, may be if there are many people who are realized souls, they can.
You want to copy that letter? Give me a copy of that. It was a very short Interview.
I can hold it if you like.
How do you feel about tonight’s meeting? To your satisfaction?
You see this doesn't stop me from giving realization
most of them got realization that
But you see this shows that people can can go very low sometimes you know doors of sahaja
Yoga are open to everyone even to a convict to a criminal all kinds of people coming and we don't also find out what sort
Of life they have had in the past we say
Forget the past. Forget the past.
But sometimes you know, they come from complicated
lives and then they show that
It's all right doesn't matter. It's not so important, but
One has to have certain
Civil ideas that when you are in a meeting
Allow me to speak I would have asked us the question stated on even have full chance
But she went along with him to speak and she made all false absolutely false allegations, which has no meaning
I think the first thing she says that somebody gave me
$10,000. What do I care for ten thousand dollars. It has no meaning to be drawn
I mean I doesn't have to be ten thousand dollars
I must have said spend much more than that much much more
for Sahaja Yoga because I think it’s very important. For me, that’s the most important thing.
Why should I take many ways we use what is what is the use of money to me?
And I'm the one talking from the tops of the mountains that you should have
Maybe some people might have given some jewellery as she says so-called see they are all of that we auction
We auction it
I don't know everything belongs to me, whatever I have
So it is a wrong idea talk like this when others are sitting
Anxiously waiting for a very important thing in their lives, which is Self Realization
(unclear) the friend of her’s who died (unclear)
No, it’s wrong. She should tell us the name of the person first of all. Nobody said they are evil people, nobody.
Evil word we don’t use in Sahaja Yoga.
That's not the way we are . We don’t tell them like that
but maybe see somebody like her might have said to her.
I don't know must be in the group someone like her
Maybe there might have said it but this word we don't we are not supposed to use at all such words to anyone now
She says he died
I tasked the name she would tell the name of the person who died
And then she said somebody has given me ten thousand dollars. Who is that person? She didn't tell me the name of that person
So this is very ambiguous things to say
About
I
she said she gave you everything she had. She was cleaning floors, she was doing all things like that.
But that you doing anything.  Men also do in Sahaja Yoga.
yoga
You see, there is nothing like() Men also clean daily in their own ashrams and they have to do it.
Actually, she was staying with a person where a lady was leader herself. And there all ladies were doing like this.
But she has ruined somebody’s life by telling her that you must dominate your husbands.
Must dominate. And by domination, this fellow got a horrible type of pneumonia. And he was going to die.
But I didn't want to say all the season after all if she has no graces
It's all right, but I shouldn't say these things
there's a letter about that that she
she did all these things and that’s why they said (unclear) But she was teaching people that you must dominate.
Teaching this leader also you must dominate. This is our right to dominate.
Why did they dominate us? She is sort of a feminist woman an extreme type of a feminist.
And we don't have feminists or all these things what we have is normal people who love each other
See when you marry you should live like a wife and a husband not like quarreling all the time for your rights and duties
of this
How do you see the role of the wife?
Well, I just say that there are two wheels on a chariot.
all right, one on the left on the right now thing is the right and the left are
Equal, but they are not similar
that's the point they are equal but not similar and if a
Woman tries to be a man is a wrong thing or a woman tries to me
A man tries to be a woman is a wrong now
Now, the thing is woman loves to have a home and homemaking is her own personal
Qualities and all that. She should look after the home. There's nothing wrong in it. It's a very good thing. It's very satisfying
I am myself a very home-loving person. I have got grandchildren. I have got my daughter married.
I'm very big social life as you know
my husband is the Big Boss there, so I have to attend many parties and all that. Everything I do but I do also Sahaja Yoga.
But I don’t think in any way in doing my household duties,  on the contrary, I enjoy.
Just put on the lights, please.
What about the
future of your sect? Where do you see the group’s future lie?
This is not a sect.
We don’t call it a sect. It’s a movement
within yourself. It’s an
Evolutionary process as a fish came out of the water and became a reptile in the same way
Human beings have to become something more. It's a movement within and that is something so natural and
Absolutely a living process. It has nothing to do with any sect or we don't have any memberships. We don't have any
payments for that. nothing of that kind
Anybody who wants to try should try. And as long as they want they can stay or go away.
But if somebody tried to trouble us, then we have to say you go away.
Because we asked her to go away that proves at least that we wanted her to go away
She didn’t go away. If she didn’t like it, why didn’t she go?
But what about the future of the movement?
Where do you see that?
I am very hopeful.
I am very happy about it.
I think a day will come when many people will be realized souls and the kingdom of God is about to come.
But So many movements come and go. I mean.
That’s it. I have told about them openly. I have told about them. From 1970
I 've  been shouting.
I had also told them in America on the
Television  that AIDS is going to come. The way you are behaving. Give up these ideas
This is not proper, but they wouldn't like me and they were very angry with me especially in San Francisco
they got so angry. What are you talking? We don’t want to advertise for you
You see this is the trouble is. They didn’t like it at that time when I told them because as a Mother I have to tell the truth.
isn’t it? They didn’t like it when I told them you shouldn’t do these wrong things.
But it happened that way.
Hmm. Thank you very much for (unclear)
May God bless you.
What is he doing now? From that side? Alright. Alright.
Just to see. Where are you going from here?
Here I am going to …for a day because I am having a very hectic time.
And then I’ll be going via Hong Kong to Bombay. I am also building a house for my husband in Poona.
So, in between, I am seeing the house then coming out doing my work.
Lots of things are to be done but in Sahaja Yoga, you don’t feel tired. And you become really dynamic.
Really don’t feel tired. You feel so dynamic and so happy that you don’t feel that. You can do so many things together.
Now, I am sixty-five years of age, you can imagine.
I can. Thank you very much.
Thank you. May God bless you.
So which one is going to come?
We have CBIBC
Alright. They are still waiting here. May God bless you.
We have been really concerned about you tonight, Shri Mataji.
They are real ones, they are the good ones.
That’s what Adelaide is. You see, there are very good people here and some stupid also